OSDOCS-19333: deprecating oc adm release mirror (#111518)
openshift/openshift-docs: disconnected/updating/mirroring-image-repository.adoc

.. Repeat these steps as needed to update your mirror registry.

// Note to CQA assignee: this deprecation notice is in 4.22+ docs, this should not be backported to 4.20 and 4.21 docs while cherry picking CQAs.
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `oc adm release mirror` command has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `oc adm release mirror` command is deprecated as of {ocp} 4.22 and will be removed in a future release.
```
this way info won't get lost during DITA migration

You can use the `oc adm release mirror` command to mirror images to your mirror registry.

// Note to CQA assignee: this deprecation notice is in 4.22+ docs, this should not be backported to 4.20 and 4.21 docs while cherry picking CQAs.
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `oc adm release mirror` command has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: i would update here as well (just make a snippet, ya?)
